fix: update download card designs (#741)
rainbow-me/rainbowkit: .changeset/gorgeous-humans-fold.md

---
'@rainbow-me/rainbowkit': patch
---

> The new Wallet installation flows add two new colors to RainbowKit's `colors` property in the custom `theme` object: `downloadBottomCardBackground` and `downloadTopCardBackground`. Additionally, we now include the optional `iconAccent` prop in the `Wallet` object, specifically for wallets with both browser extensions, to use as the accent color for the new download installation flows.

Reviewer: Was this sentence incomplete?

```suggestion
The new Wallet installation flows add two new colors to RainbowKit's `colors` property in the custom `theme` object: `downloadBottomCardBackground` and `downloadTopCardBackground`. Additionally, we now include the optional `iconAccent` prop in the `Wallet` object, specifically for wallets with both a browser extension and an app, to use as the accent color for the new download installation flows.
```
